I'm telling you all, this is just the
beginning. I want you to listen to me
very carefully. This is just the
beginning of what's about to happen. I
saw George behind the scenes, and George
was getting the commands from Satan
himself. Again, I saw the devil
communicating to them, and they were
saying, "We have to create mass
confusion in the United States of
America."And
I saw paid people
disrupting
society. Okay, so I don't want
to rush this; I really
need to go over what the Lord showed me.
I saw disruption in major key cities;
Denver was one of them. I saw a man
in military gear with an AR-15 opening
fire on crowds in the days ahead. I
don't know when this happens, but I saw
this man. He had camo on, a
military-style
helmet,
and
ballistic shields and stuff like that
on, so that he was not able to be taken
out really easily. And I saw him with this
AR-15 start mowing down people in crowds
in the Denver area. It was in Colorado; I
know that for a fact. This was Colorado.
Then the Lord showed me the Miami area. I
saw a man on tall buildings, and he
was using a sniper rifle. He was
of
Hispanic origin, I believe, maybe Cuban or
something.
You could see his skin was kind of
olive, darker skin. And he was on
top in a hidden-like area, and he was
sniping
law enforcement from the
window. And the first officer I saw get
shot through his neck area, and the
others that came to assist him,
they got taken out also.
So the Lord showed me, and then I saw
helicopters flying in the sky trying to
find this man. So there were several
instances the Lord showed me of attacks
upon American soil, and this was
what it was about: trying to escalate the
disarming
of, in the days ahead,
the Second Amendment in blue
states, trying to cause a wave of
anti-gun legislation.
The Lord said, "In the days ahead, you
will see more of a push for a
disarming of the American
people."For
this is another phase in the
future that you will see even greater
before the beast system totally takes
charge,
before the Antichrist totally takes
charge: a disarmament of the American
population.
I saw Texas
standing strong against this movement,
very strong. And it's like I saw a black
outline
around the state of Texas, like borders
seceding
from the union.
I don't know if this is literal or
thinking like, "We're not going to
participate. You're not going to take
our stuff."And it's like they were their
own entity in the end times.
And the Lord said, "This will be a safe
haven."I
saw Oklahoma
divided.
And there was a line from Altus,
Oklahoma all the way to Miami, Oklahoma.
And there was a line—it was a black
line. And the Lord showed me a divided
state concerning this: half was red,
half was blue.
And the Lord said, "Your elections in
concerning your governor's race, it is
very important that you pray over this
already. For I saw Governor Stitt being
brought down and a new Democratic person
trying to come in."And the Lord said,
"2026 is the year of a
fix."I
don't know what that means—a fix, like
a fixed election? I don't know, like
they're trying to rig
it. The Lord told me, he said, "Pay
attention to the elections in 2026. This
is very important that the people start
praying now about
2026."Great
distractions are coming.
I saw
California completely on fire with
rioting and acting crazy. I'm talking
about an escalation in Seattle
and
Oregon.
And the Lord said, "Remember what I told
you?
Remember what I told you about Timothy
McVeigh?"He
gives me keywords whenever he talks
to me, and he said, "Brandon, it
will be in unlikely places.
Pearl Harbor events.
Pearl Harbor events."He said, "Pearl
Harbor was you were caught off guard.
It will be when you're not watching.
It will be like 9/11, when nobody's
paying attention.
The events that they're planning will be
when you're not
watching."If
you remember what I prophesied about
North Korea and them being a social
pariah,
Kim Jong-un, and that China was behind
this, and I saw Kim Jong-un—and I've
warned you several times in the last
several videos,
them being promised a position in the
BRICS—"We'll
get you out from underneath the
Western sanctions and the boot,
right? We're going to create our own
thing, right?"So, I saw Russia again.
Remember,
if you remember the EMP attack that I
saw upon—the white and the black
rocket was USSR, and I saw Asian men on
the barge. So, this is very important
that you remember this. They shot this
thing above the United States of
America. We need the dome today.
We need the Golden Dome today, like
ASAP, as quick as possible.
The Lord showed me stationed electric
lasers
in all kinds of corners of the United
States for protection. They were lasers,
green lasers. Now, is that the dome? I
don't know, but these were green lasers,
and they would be in places that were
strategic to knock stuff down out of the
sky. That's what hit the asteroid.
And I would venture to say this is
already there. So, I saw, like I said,
I saw USSR in this rocket. They shot it
out. And remember, every single
thing you know I see, I bring to you
not in fear but for you to pray about
it.
It's very important that you pray about
these things and not get in fear about
it. But okay, so I saw an uprising. I
saw turmoil, and I saw George paying for
this stuff to keep continuing in the
days ahead. I'm talking major
disruptions. But it's not just him. I'm
talking major trying to bring
confusion and craziness in the United
States of America.
The agents within—remember Trojan horse
attacks, major shaking. I saw major
shaking. And he told me again today when
I was driving around, he said, "In a
24-hour period,
everything's going
to change.
Everything will
change."He
said, "I want you to notice as you
drive around the sense of security
that the people feel right now that you
take for granted as a nation on a
day-to-day basis because you have law
and
order."And
I saw an open-eyed vision. And he
said, "Do you see what I'm showing
you?"And
the people were walking,
having to think strategically of how they
live their life in the days ahead
because of the infrastructure
shaking
of what's going on.
People thinking, "Is it safe to go
to Walmart today? Is it safe to go
there?"and
checking deep down inside
because they were scared to even
go get a coffee. I could feel an
uneasiness in the atmosphere in the days
ahead for what the enemy has planned to
try to take away the security and
confidence of feeling secure,
feeling uneasy all the time. "Can we go
there?"Making
you live your life in
fear and questioning, "Can we go to the
baseball game? Can we do
this?"—things
that you take for granted, that we just
do because we trust our law
enforcement.
But as an uprising and a
cancer within the country, trying to
take away that freedom of peace, a
freedom of security and safety,
making you uneasy, trying to develop a
lifestyle of making you feel
bondage
is what the enemy is going to try to do.
And this was very serious.
And the Lord told me, he said, "There
are
days ahead, Brandon, that everything in
a 24-hour period, I'm telling you, will
change. And America will change in a
24-hour
period.
A great shaking is
coming."And
he warned me again, the way people
live, the way we maneuver, it's bringing
forth the beast system.
And the Lord told me, he said, "You're
going to see a lot of change in the blue
states and the red states, and a lot of
change within government politics, even
in
2026."He
said, "You must pray over
Oklahoma. You must pray over Oklahoma.
There's a plan in these
key states to try to overrun this and
overthrow red states,
trying to bring them
into
the demonic thinking of
liberal."And
so, not saying that all the red
states are perfect, but I'm telling you
folks that there's more good in the red
than there is bad. I saw a continual
escalation in Israel.
I warn you of these things. I told you
about drones flying into stadiums
when people are not paying attention.
The
New York
Yankees'stadium
is the stadium I saw.
This is a major stadium. The Lord showed
me the Los Angeles Dodgers. Major
stadiums. The Lord said, "Pay attention
to these stadiums. Pay attention to
college football games
where there are a hundred thousand people or
80,000 people at a time in a college
football game and they're all
paying
attention to the game and they're not
paying attention to the drones. Oh, is
that entertainment?
Run. If you see a drone flying into the
stadium, run.
It's very serious. We live in very
uncertain times. It's a time of great
shaking. But I'm telling you, the body
of Christ must rise with a backbone
like a crowbar and take dominion and
authority. If you do not, you have a
great opportunity in the days ahead to
go home early.
Well, I don't believe all that.
Watch and see. I'm not here to convince
you anymore, twisting your arm. Please
believe me. I could care less if you
don't want to believe. I'm doing my
job. Don't believe it then. I told
you all. Watch the black and yellow
hypnotic wheel coming from the CIA,
which will be propaganda on the media
and everything else. Watch this, for a
boogeyman is coming.
I warned you. A boogeyman is coming. For
you do not go to war without a
boogeyman. A 9/11 boogeyman.
A boogeyman is coming. I've warned you.
A boogeyman is coming. I want you to
remember this. There'll be attacks
against churches. There'll be attacks
against churches in the days ahead. I
saw major disruption in churches. I saw
a major minister be taken
out in his service. And the Lord said to
me, "It will be called the shock heard
around the world
because they're trying to bring fear
about the revival that I'm about to
bring forth."If they can get you to
fear and not want to go into my
buildings,
the devil's trying to—he said, "The
devil's trying to combat
what I'm about to do with the glorious
church rising, Brandon, but he wants to
use strategic people in the body to
bring fear."And he said, "This will be
the shot heard around the world. Pray
for that minister."And I saw who it
was. A mega minister.
God help him. And I pray, and I'm not
bringing it up to fear, but I'm telling
you, I heard a shot around the world
and it's trying to bring fear to go and
have church services. I saw the
strategic plan of the devil with
the Soroses and these people trying to
bring instability in America so that
people wouldn't want to worship and want
to come to church with a new virus, with
these things. Watch. God is wanting to
assemble
his bride together and have major
services, and Satan's like, "How do we stop
that?
How do we stop that?"Okay. So, if we
bring fear by killing the main ministers
and shooting them in their pulpits, then
people will be scared to go to church.
And then if we bring another virus, they
won't want to come again, like COVID, that
worked. But God is saying, "I'm raising
up Davids. I'm raising up people with
the backbone. And you'll have brush
harbor churches."I saw them
in the country, not in major cities. I'm
seeing
people coming out in the country
to worship to get away from major
cities. I don't know why, but that's
what I saw. And they were coming by the
tens of thousands. We have to get busy
and urgent about our Father's business
because I'm telling you what's coming.
Most of you are not prepared for it.
After I saw the shot around the world, I
saw an exposing in a mega church in
California. And most people are going to
be, "I knew it,"and then some people are
going, "Oh my God."But I saw that it
was a scandal.
A major scandal is going to come out.
Watch. In California, a major church, a
scandal is about to break loose. An
exposing of something that's been going
on for a while. And it's going to grieve
a lot.